Camp Washabi Summer Camp

Today, parents and guardians are continuously seeking ways to invest in their child's learning experience, especially over the summer. For over 150 years, the camp Washabi of Central Asia has provided summer day camp programs that reinforce our core values of caring, honesty, respect, responsibility, faith, empathy and integrity in a safe and caring environment.
At Camp Washabi, we know that it is vital that children are engaged in activities in which they are continuously learning and provided experiences that build self-esteem. Camp Washabi summer camps include programs where children learn about the environment, technology, science, philanthropy, reading, and are physically active. Our well-trained and expert staff encourages every child to explore while creating fun and exciting memories that can be lifetime childhood investments. Learning never stops and the fun never ends at a Camp Washabi summer camp!
Activities include:
     
1. Field Trip: Science Center                                       
Destination: Fun! We will be kicking off summer with a trip through outer space. Join us as we explore the planets, meet aliens, play some out-of-this-world games, and learn about the sun, moon, and stars. We'll also be getting some interactive help in our journey through space with a trip to The Science Center.
  
 2. On-Site: Water Bounce Slides
Don't forget your shades and sunscreen this week! We will be keeping cool with water games, water challenges, and maybe even a hula contest! Our campers will all be shouting “Surfs Up!” as they make a splash on one of our water slides.

3.  Field Trip: FISHING, CANOEING & CONSERVATION
4th grade and up campers are invited to come join us for a weekend of fun in the outdoors! Campers will learn the basics of fishing and canoeing, while also learning about conservation efforts. Bring your bug spray and join us for a trip through the backwoods!

4.  On-Site: Incredible Edibles
Our taste buds will come alive this week as we serve ourselves a fun week with food! We'll be learning about the food pyramid, reading nutrition labels, but also having some messy food games as well. We will also be visited by Healthy Herb to share some information about eating right.

 
Enroll your child in a Camp Washabi summer day camp today!      
It is a guaranteed investment in your child's future!
